hey guys today I'm going to talk about
um to moisturizers that um if really
well and I actually like it over a lot
of other moisturizers um it is from DDF
they're both from DVF and I will tell
you the reason why I picked these I have
the DDF ultra light oil free
moisturizing do and then i have the
weightless defense oil-free hydrator
with an SPF 45 full same packaging and
kind of deal alright so the reason I
picked this is because when i'm looking
for a day moisturizer obviously it needs
to be a little free because i tend to
get oily but it also needs to hydrate me
if that makes sense all and this has an
SPF 45 which is definitely important to
me um okay so let me share something
that I learned from my makeup job um
let's say you are dry and you do
everything you can to suck up the
moisture like everything like mad it out
and all that stuff sometimes it's not
the best deal um you need to learn how
to balance your skin because if you're
sucking up all the oil and trying to
just make it super matte and you know
you get oily and get frustrated your
skin is gonna alert itself and say oh
let's make twice as much a while now
because we're trying to balance the skin
so you got to be careful what things
that you put on your face so it's
definitely something I had to learn the
hard way anyways um so this is the
weightless defense oil-free hydrator
weightless caught me because again i
hate you know when you put your day
cream on it's like that sunscreen
feeling and it feels goopy and gross not
the case with this very very light not
crazy at all doesn't smell like
sunscreen which is a real big plus for
me this is also cool pump salt like that
and very controllable oops that's all
you need pretty cool um I like the pump
the applicator and everything about it I
believe it's between forty and fifty
dollars
I know it's a little pricey but DDF is a
definite trusted brand in my book so
other than that it's you know it's a
really good protector for your skin I
like that about tdf and it comes in a
SPF 45 it also comes in a box so when
you're looking for this product it
doesn't come like this okay now what's
really really really cool is this ultra
light oil free moisturizer do I use this
at night after my treatment whatever it
is um now the reason I picked this it's
an actual it's a winner and a lot of a
lot of websites and a lot of magazines
the reason being is it moisturizes makes
your skin look dewy but then it's not
heavy a lot of night creams tend to you
know just plop it on and it's like looks
heavy this is not at all same deal same
with the pump and then wheres your put
it on your hand it's very um it spreads
easily very nice and you see that water
texture that it's got to it that's the
doing is I'm talking about and it kind
of just sinks into your skin and it
feels really nice nice and light not too
heavy that's that you could see that
right it's a definite hydrator which is
really cool but it's oil free too so
it's not kind of you know add too much
moisture to your skin actually since I
have it on my hand here is the day one
just so you see that's the night that's
the day now it's not thick like
sunscreen right that's cool okay so
those are my reviews for that one um
both great products wonderful DDF is a
great line um it tends to be a little
expensive but it's definitely worth it
because I've tried so many moisturizers
just doesn't do it whether it's like too
greasy to goop you or anything like that
or smells if it's like Google's amazing
product of the world but smells I can't
do it like perico enhance this fish
thing smells disgusting and I cannot do
it even though I know it's amazing it
has all the great ingredients is I just
can't do it so smell is important to me
sorry guys but you know you're spreading
all over face and you walk around
there's a whiff of in-your-face early
yeah so I do recommend this as a basic
day moisturizer my boy sure there no
man's aging nothing special like that
it's just a basic moisturizer so if
you're looking for someone like that I
go with the DDF